# CSE330: Numerical Methods
Computer Arithmetic: floating point representation of numbers, arithmetic operations with normalized floating point numbers; Iterative methods: different iterative methods for finding the roots of an equation and their computer implementation; Solution of simultaneous Algebraic Equations, Gauss elimination; Interpolation, Least square approximation of functions, Taylor series representation, Chebyshev series; Numerical differentiation and integration and Numerical Solution of Differential Equations.

# Playlist

### LHK
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2ETCwNgERAJZ-5q9ZSeW3DJSn7fd0YwH&si=7WSrH9U_ugjGtHiu

### AQU
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLq1kE3IvmqQ61uZyJUJj0zG-OF-CE4fLa&si=j82a3irAMBmPYHzf

### SUMMER20
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLlYXfIWiDLYygs1I_ZFCUS_Oc8Oxuf_n1&si=l-VkyzYL3k9pDV2c

# Chapter Wise Video

## Chapter 01

### Floating Point Representation
https://youtu.be/0JeXaAk9P80?si=9a62ga5-Blk3HxWN

### IEEE Standard (1985) for Double Precision
https://youtu.be/g3IQhiSkBh8?si=w0ornZy3NF-fb9Le

### Rounding Error
https://youtu.be/-RQa4WeHSwc?si=sz4zoad7l5gFR51g

## Chapter 02

### Polynomial
https://youtu.be/svtmXey06Sw?si=zAH-yYUFxoYUOMTc

### Vandermonde Matrix
https://youtu.be/zCqSUCWKdA8?si=_QnBDtsWF46LqP4h

### Find The Inverse of a Matrix
https://youtu.be/ZZismUUKxzc?si=7LFcCoTLOVdmi-Fl

### Lagrange
https://youtu.be/SgM0-iF03qU?si=uqsXe-MkxtX1JjEF

### Newton's Divided difference & Cauchy's Theorem
https://youtu.be/2dEf4GqdwQI?si=INF3yJ3RoZQW8Lp0

### Hermite
https://youtu.be/8L5fAcwPWeg?si=UqYZ79RcYNeg59o_

### Runge Phenomenon
https://youtu.be/ie9BL5xDarQ?si=TfTUw5R4nZvpUkv0

## Chapter 03

### Numerical Differenciation
https://youtu.be/f1wI40FjAVQ?si=-rwU4GzdcFpqJVva

### Richardson Extrapolation Derivation
https://youtu.be/gTOmtRkk5ec?si=pn7CMEwRkPCP-l9A

### Richardson Extrapolation 2
https://youtu.be/XuahzK1t2ko?si=Rpcc04lalTaGngtj

### Upper Bound of Truncation Error in Differenciation
https://youtu.be/xqs8iA6vMWQ?si=nreyjvJMrJw0GnT2

## Chapter 04

### Bisection Method
https://youtu.be/fLI98Oxoyzo?si=yU8jupuGFSZWfkoQ

### Fixed Point Iteration
https://youtu.be/NC3haiISXA4?si=ScGooK30gaO3CQq6

### Newton Raphson Method
https://youtu.be/kJ_CJfqxLqQ?si=etF5BL8gRgA-m-Kb

### Aitken Acceleration And Secant Method
https://youtu.be/ubZdOa4gBNM?si=EQx0grJKy2CFoblG

## Chapter 05

### Gaussian Elimination
https://youtu.be/-JHjyLDZaF8?si=KUalJ4JvxVaq1Cxi

### LU Decomposition
https://youtu.be/RV1_5RODiSU?si=Ingj0lOymLvRcXDX

## Chapter 06

### Discrete Least Squares Method
https://youtu.be/NKu9ERJ1KUg?si=jlbhTk7x1IgDM6VW

### QR Decomposition
https://youtu.be/gdfxlPn88js?si=dh_m-_RpL8g0ABBX

## Chapter 07

### Integration Part 1
https://youtu.be/qXTlqVX5a2E?si=YEvnNrxm6rF2gy86

### Integration Part 2
https://youtu.be/ZUeWmSuD0WA?si=6UrTIuLwoG9KyBjL
